[ML] Update documentation regarding versioning. (#98320)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/apis/get-transform.asciidoc

`version`::
(string) The version of {es} that existed on the node when the {transform} was
created. Note that as of {es} version 8.10.0 a new version number has been introduced to

> track changes to configuration and state in the machine learning plugin. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track changes to configuration and state in the {transform} plugin. This
```

> created. Note that as of {es} version 8.10.0 a new version number has been introduced to
> track changes to configuration and state in the {transform} plugin. This
> new version number is decoupled from the product version and will increment
> independently as necessary.

Reviewer 2: As above: the parameter description might also need to be updated.

```suggestion
created.

NOTE: From {es} 8.10.0,  a new version number is used to
track the configuration and state changes in the {ml} plugin. This new 
version number is decoupled from the product version and will increment
independently. The `version` value represents the new version number.
```
